Where have you been?
Kneel down, big brother, why is there one more?
Who cares? One more important half
Don't bother, you two, you can't run
Chen Fang
I'm afraid it's okay, I'll go down and solve it.
Wait for me in the car
come up
Uh this is bro bro
Three brothers haha
Big brother, right?
What's going on?
What's going on in the middle of the night?
Children pay
Want your life you won't call me
I got it. Bring it up.
Otherwise go go go
I want to ask how much the person offered.
I pay double
Double
triple
Ten times me, I will pay ten times the money
Brother, this kid looks rich
Ten times the money
Then I'll sell it and make a big wave.
Yes, big brother.
With this money
We can go home and build a house and marry a wife
What kind of daughter-in-law do you marry?
Let's find out what Jianghu is talking about
It's about the existing work ethic.
What should I say?
Give 10 times
Give me 100 times
Lao Tzu still works hard for me